Add fleet agent download source resource (#2081)
elastic/terraform-provider-elasticstack: dev-docs/requirements/kibana/fleet_agent_download_source.md

- **[REQ-005] (Schema: required arguments)**: The resource shall require `name` (string) and `host` (string) and map them to the corresponding fields in the Fleet API request/response bodies.
- **[REQ-006] (Schema: optional arguments)**: The resource shall expose the following optional attributes:
  - `default` (bool) mapped to `is_default` in the API.
  - `proxy_id` (string) mapped to `proxy_id` in the API.
- **[REQ-007] (Schema: spaces)**: The resource shall expose `space_ids` as an optional+computed `set(string)`:
  - When `space_ids` is set, the first value shall determine the Kibana space used for create, read, update, and delete operations via the space-aware Fleet client helpers.
  - When `space_ids` is unset or empty, the resource shall operate in the default space.
  - Since the Fleet download sources API does not return space information, `space_ids` shall be preserved from Terraform state and not derived from the API.

> - **[REQ-008] (Import)**: The resource shall support `terraform import` by accepting a Fleet download source ID and populating both `id` and `source_id` with that value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[REQ-008] (Import)**: The resource shall support `terraform import` by accepting a composite ID (`<space_id>/<source_id>`). The Fleet download source ID will populate both `id` and `source_id`. The Space ID will populate a single entry slice in `space_ids`. 
```

Or similar. But we need to support defining a space ID on the import path.
